To do list

I watched an interesting video on death animations, or what happens to your character when you die.
I'm thinking that we should implement a system where you change characters when you die, and also lose some of the currency you build up as the game goes on.
This would encourage collaboration on minigames even when two people are working against each other.
Here's the link, this is a really good channel for thinking about gameplay.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6WyalnKQIpg
Also, watched a video about AI and overall game feel, I can summarize for you if you want.

Fixed the mouse thing, and added some textures for bullets and animation for the turret firing
We could reduce the lag on my laptop by adding a soft cap on the number of planes/grass on the screen. 
Inititalize them all at the beginning of the planeGame in the arrayLists, and when they move off the screen
recreate their x and y and their movement patterns. I will try this tommorow and see how it works. If we want difficulty scaling
with the number of planes there could be certain points where more planes are added to the arraylist and then behave as above

I altered the plane class, hope you don't mind, but I think they should start somewhere on the left side of the screen, maybe in the upper corner
I added an arraylist of planes, and they each randomly select and save a move method when they are created
I tried to create some functions, but I'm going to attempt a parabolic shape
It's not great, but it's a starting point. It's hard because we use the move method which takes in dx and dy basically, but it would be a lot easier to use just the x and y position functions.


I’m going to try and make some graphics for the menu, I’m thinking the title will be 32-bit conspiracy but it can change
-can you put the graphics you have in the textures folder when you're done?

UI fixed



yasuki - I am in the process of making frogger playable inside partygame, feel free to finish it if you can get the UI working as 
shoot frogger will take longer than expected due to my inneficient sprites from then, as well as the handler, and the new parameters required in the constructor
may not be worth it. 

Minigame classes which extends gamestate? Gamestate to manage the overall party game, and minigame classes can be loaded by it.

Come up with character avatars

Decide which games to create
Work out game mechanics

We should use more notes, and organize things better. Also, use the formatting key to make consistent coding.

And much more we haven't run into yet...f

